All right, so back to on note button here, one click we want to be able to save something and listen
to delegate the save action.
So what do we need to do here?
It's very simple.
We do have this.
Remember we still inside of our note screen, so we're going to pass this on date.
So we're going to pass this on, add note and pass that actual note.
We can say on add note like that expects us to pass a note and we can just create a note right away
here.
But remember, it's going to be our note.
And so we don't have to pass the I.D. because that is created randomly.
We're going to pass a title the title again because the title, the argument name is the same as the
variable we're passing.
That's fine to just add title like that and then a passed description like this.
OK, guys, so we're getting these states that we created description and title, and we are passing
them along on our own add note there.
Now, after all that is done now, let's just add a little toast message here, so toast messages in
Android are short messages that can pop up on the screen.
They don't take too long to just give the user some sort of idea clue that something has happened.
So let's say toast.
There you go.
And they make text like this.
And he noticed that it will require us to pass.
You'll notice it will require, as you notice, it will require us to pass a context.
How do we get a context?
First of all, a context in Android.
Global class that has all the information about an application environment.
So we will hear a lot of context in Android development.
So think of it as a way of accessing the application specific resources and classes.
So that's what it context is now.
In this case, here it hosts need that context, which needs to know where does this belong?
As we add this message, this short pop up message, that's why we need to pass a context now because
we're not necessarily in search of an activity, so we can't really get the context as we usually do
if you've done some Android development.
What do we need to do?
Let's go outside here to get a context.
I'm going to say, Val, create a variable context.
What we do, we say local context like that and say current hover over, you can say, return the value
provided by nearest compositional local provider.
So this is how we get the context.
So coming down here, then we can use that context such.
And then we're going to pass the text, the message note added, and then we going to pass also the
length right toast that length.
I want this to be short.
OK, and let's not forget to show it right.
They have it.
So now we're going to have a toast that it will appear once the note has been added in this case, once
we have clicked on the note button.
So essentially this and if we go down here, we see that instead of our note row, we also passing on
note clicked.
So what we want to happen when we click on a note.
Well, for this, in this case, we all we want is to invoke the honor, remove and pass the IT in this
case is going to be did note you could have passed it.
That would be fine, too.
And because it's same thing, it's a note.
OK, that's what we want to do.
Remember, we had side of notes screen, so this is going to happen when we call it in Maine or somewhere
else.
OK, so this has been called on main activity, what you see here, we have no screen, we have this
data source and all that.
So on, remove here we can then implement the on remove and go from there.
But how do we add those notes because we want to be able to add those notes when we click on Save?
Once we added the title and the note to the first approach would be something like this will create
a variable.
I'm going to call, for instance, notes and say is equal to remember, right?
And then here I could say mutable state list of like this.
And I would have to say right before the parenthesis that the types were expecting this angle brackets
here, the types they were expecting, it's going to be note, right, our note like this.
So in this case here, then we have these notes, if you have over, is indeed a snapshot state list.
So that means it's listening to a state.
So we have a list that's wrapped around the state and we have a remember so that it will remember as
we do recomposition so forth.
That would mean then on add note, because we know when we said not screen here on add note, when that
is called, we are going to add an object write and note.
So now implementing everything here, so what we will do here would say, well, we have that note that's
been passed around.
I'm going to say here, right, snapshot there, I'm going to say dot, ad and pass it, which in this
case is no object.
Let's go ahead and run this to see if it will work.
OK.
Let's see if I go and add first add.
Hello, world.
Let's see.
Note added, But in that case, then what we want to do is we want to remove this loaded, this load
notes there because that's not what we want, right?
I'm going to have to pass the actual notes like this for our notes list.
Let's try again.
Of course, if you run this notice, you'll notice that all of these will go away.
So it's going to be empty because we are not getting anything from our data now.
We're getting from our notes mutable state list here.
OK, let's see if this works.
Hello again from gibberish, I say, add Walla.
It works right?
Can I say another one again and add?
And it is indeed working.
All right.
It works perfectly.
We have the notes and clickable is working.
Now let's go ahead and added it.
Remove.
So to remove.
What do we do?
Well, all we do, we say notes.
Right.
That remove element, which is going to be our it, which is the note.
Now let's look at and remove before we move, let's check to see that we have everything set up and
I can see that on note row.
The on note collect is not being called anywhere.
Aha.
We need to pass here on note clicked.
Click to pass our note object like this.
Let's go ahead and remove that notice.
It's very easy when to say notes.
OK.
That would remove that element.
Right?
Which is going to be that note.
Let's go ahead and run.
OK, let's go ahead and add something.
OK.
OK, it's click.
All right.
It's very moving.
That's great.
I'm down here safe again.
I didn't save an OK, so we can keep adding whatever.
We want to add all these items when you click.
They are going to be.
They will be removed, right?
This is great.
We should be happy that this is happening.
However, this is not the best practices.
The reason being is because first of all, this notes that we passing here.
This is a state that is connected directly in the main activity, and because is a state that needs
to be heavily related or heavily connected to data, it's not a good thing to have it inside here because
imagine that we want a different class or a different composable to have access to the same data, potentially
as could be the data, right?
Because this is notes, it's a mutable state.
Lists of notes.
If that's the case, this state here of notes, this miserable state, it's only here.
It's not going to be accessible anywhere else in our project, and that's a problem.
Now how do we solve this?
How do we hoist this very important state to a different class somewhere else that is independent from
this one class or this composable?
That's what we're going to learn in the next videos.